are you guys ready for this are you
ready for some fresh 2012 doom my
goodness I'm not going to blow this up
into a big thing I'm simply going to
give you the article here we go and this
is shout out to lunatic outpost that's
where I found this although I'd like to
give a shout out to all of my favorite
forums including godlike productions
realist news net let me take out post
above top secret info wars prison planet
forum just an outstanding group of
people on all of these websites posting
news and keeping everybody in forum 24
hours a day ok here we go blasted or
paint it deadly asteroid bounds towards
Earth out of the blue this is posted by
RT March third 2012 to avert a new
apocalypse this time set for februari
2013 scientists suggest confronting
asteroid 2012 da14 with either paint or
big guns the tough part of either scheme
is that time has long run out to build a
spaceship for the operation NASA
confirms the 60-meter 197 feet asteroid
spotted by spazz stargazers in February
has a good chance of colliding with
earth and 11 months I'll put a link to
the article it goes on and talk about
their possible plans to deal with this
thing just so happens to be a couple
months after planet x is supposedly
supposed to come through i don't know if
that's just a coincidence but apparently
we have some real some real doom
actually so i would like all of the
debunkers especially to go through this
and try to pick it apart please make
video responses please pass this
information around get the word out
before this article disappears if it's
going to I have thought for the longest
time that that is where the 15 +
trillion dollars went is because our
governments know that something big is
going to happen and they are preparing
for it and they couldn't possibly tell
all of the citizens the planet Earth
because it would be anarchy we would not
have a civilized society if everybody
knew we were about to die
whatever we'll see what happens link
below please passed around is what it is